[MI-3804]: Added the test cases for the UI design on MS Teams sync plugin. (#19)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/ms-teams-sync/UI-design-1.0/Slash_commands.md

Reviewer: Should we write a test case for the case when the rhs was already open and the user connects through slash commands to see the auto update of the rhs while it was opened?

Author: The test case added for the slash command is generic and covers both the RHS state opened and closed.

Author: discussed

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Updated RHS with respect to slash commands"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: UI-design-1.0
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

1. Connect the user to their MS Teams account using the `/msteams-sync connect` slash command.

> 2. Click on MS Teams icon in App bar or channel header and open the RHS.

Reviewer: update icon name, everywhere

**Step 2**

1. Disconnect the user from their MS Teams account using the `/msteams-sync disconnect` slash command.
2. Click on MS Teams icon in App bar or channel header and open the RHS.

**Expected**

> The user account should get connected to their MS Teams account and the same should reflect in the RHS on MM.
> After step 2,the user account should get disconnected from their MS Teams account and the user should be able to view the `connect account` button in the RHS on MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user account should be connected to their MS Teams account and the same should be reflected in the RHS on MM.
After step 2, the user account should be disconnected from their MS Teams account and the user should be able to view the `Connect account` button in the RHS on MM.
```
